Uncategorized:
  directory
    The directory tree.

  node
    An item in the directory tree.

  root
    The root item of the directory tree.

  subdirectory
    A node which contains child nodes.

  note
    A leaf node.

  connection
    A two-way connection between client and server.

  explore
    This has meanings on two layers. In InfdDirectory, explore means to read
    a subdirectory from the background storage into memory ("explore the
    subdirectory").

    Also, a client can explore a subdirectory on the server. This means that he
    requests its content from the server and wants to be notified if content
    is added or removed.

  buffer
    A document of a given type, for example a text buffer which holds text.

  session
    A session manages real-time collaborative editing of a buffer.

  user
    A user is a participant in a session.

  subscribe
    A client can subscribe to a session on a server through a connection. This
    means that the session is first synchronized to the client (meaning the
    content of the underlaying buffer are transferred) and then the client
    gets notified about changes in the buffer.

    Note that the client cannot modify the buffer after having subscribed
    because it has no user in the session.

  join
    A join (or user join) may be performed by a client after having subscribed
    to a session. This means that a new user for the session is created that
    belongs to that client so that the client can actually modify the buffer.
    It is also possible that an existing user that is unavailable is used
    instead of creating a new one. In this case, the join is also called a
    rejoin. Note that it is also possible that a client performs multiple
    user joins.

ConnectionManager:
  outer queue:
    The outer queue of the connection manager is a list of messages of a
    particular net object that is waiting for being sent. However, there is a
    limit of how many messages are given to the actual gnetwork connection,
    so that if someone decides to send a huge amount of messages (for example,
    a session synchronization), most messages only get into the outer queue
    and messages from other netobjects do not have to wait until all these
    messages are actually sent.

  inner queue:
    The inner queue is the queue inside the gnetwork connection object.
    Messages in the inner queue are always guaranteed to be sent in order.
    If a message was sent successfully, the first message from the outer
    queue is moved into the inner queue, if there is any.

User:
  available:
    An available user is a user that can actively perform changes in a buffer.

  unavailable:
    An unavailable user has lost its connection to the server and so cannot
    edit the buffer.

  local:
    A local user is a user that does not need a connection to be available
    because it operates directly on the buffer of the host session.
